README.md, before:

# Templatr

Templatr is a generic templating application built with Electron and React for a quick copy & paste action with easy to search templates mentained in YAML format with support for comments.

1. First install dependencies: ```npm install```
2. In one terminal window run: ```npm run bundle``` to compile react code
3. In other one run: ```npm start``` to start Electron app

To add templates, select "Edit Templates" in menu to open the default YAML editor. Add your one-line templates. The templates could be accompanied by standard YAML commemts, which will be conveyed to UI as well. Add `_VAR_` to the templates whenever you need to be flexible with values. They could be easily replaced with actual value from UI. Once saved, restart the application (could be achieved from "Relaunch App" menu).

Example of templates configuration:

```yaml
Templates type 1:
    - Copy me with _VAR_ value # Just click on it to copy to clipboard
    - The _VAR_ could be replaced from UI with the actual value
Templates type 2:
    - Templates are grouped by type in UI
    - They are easily searched with a keyword or filtered by types
```

The current version has only been created with macOS in mind.

Commit message:

Update README with Templatr image

README.md, after:

# Templatr

Templatr is a generic templating application built with Electron and React for a quick copy & paste action with easy to search templates mentained in YAML format with support for comments.

1. First install dependencies: ```npm install```
2. In one terminal window run: ```npm run bundle``` to compile react code
3. To start Electron app in DEV mode: ```npm start```
4. Run ```npm run package-mac``` to package application for Mac

To add templates, select "Edit Templates" in menu to open the default YAML editor. Add your one-line templates. The templates could be accompanied by standard YAML commemts, which will be conveyed to UI as well. Add `_VAR_` to the templates whenever you need to be flexible with values. They could be easily replaced with actual value from UI. Once saved, restart the application (could be achieved from "Relaunch App" menu).

Example of templates configuration:

```yaml
Templates type 1:
    - Copy me with _VAR_ value # Just click on it to copy to clipboard
    - The _VAR_ could be replaced from UI with the actual value
Templates type 2:
    - Templates are grouped by type in UI
    - They are easily searched with a keyword or filtered by types
```

The current version has only been created with macOS in mind.

![Templatr](https://tomilenko.tk/download/templatr.png)
